The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Flying fish flew by the space station.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
At last
Let me help you with your baggage.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
On each full moon
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.